Yu Qian Daxing
The national teacher personally promised
Give 10,000 horses back to the border
Second minister, this matter will be handled by you
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
We can return this second minister to you.
But it also depends on whether you can manage it
This is not for Lao Guoshi to worry about
Or bring your 10,000 horses as soon as possible
His Royal Highness
You will completely offend Dajin by doing this.
Now Bai is inferior to water and fire
I just want what belongs in the building back
Do I have to be like a pug like you?
Let the people be humiliated
His Royal Highness
Do you really want to go back to Luoluo City and Linzhou City?
That's my Daxia territory
What to do back
Your Highness does not know
Luoluo City and Linzhou City are located at the junction of this summer
Homophone of all ethnic groups
Thai complex
Conflict continues
It's a bit three, regardless of the location.
And not only that.
Wang Yanshan, the defending general of Lvluo City
It is rumored to be Aguda's nephew
So in the first month
More deserving
Wang Yanshan cannot stay
Why don't you transfer Yu Qian over there?
Your Highness Yu Qian
The concubine was entrusted by her father
Don't report something
Aifei has something to say
The concubine's father received a secret message
It says Hu Degang in the defending county of Linzhou City
Although it is a building man
But he took refuge in Jin Ninja
Wanton deprivation of our money
And let them bully us women
outrageous
And crazy
Your Highness
The concubine implored His Highness to send the peasants to Linzhou City
Remove Hu Degang
Reinvigorate people's hearts
Uh this
Let me see.
Missing people, missing people
You can't take out the fish lead, right?
No one can use it at all.